[core]:fix pthread_condattr_setclock on lower versions of Android (#3149)
Haivision/srt: CMakeLists.txt

option(ENABLE_CLANG_TSA "Enable Clang Thread Safety Analysis" OFF)

# To avoid the need for other judgments when ENABLE_STDCXX_SYNC is OFF in the future, this is a separate conditional statement.
if (NOT ENABLE_STDCXX_SYNC AND ENABLE_MONOTONIC_CLOCK)
	list(PREPEND CMAKE_REQUIRED_LIBRARIES "${CMAKE_THREAD_LIBS_INIT}")
	check_symbol_exists(pthread_condattr_setclock "pthread.h" HAVE_PTHREAD_CONDATTR_SETCLOCK)
	if (NOT HAVE_PTHREAD_CONDATTR_SETCLOCK)

> 		message(FATAL_ERROR "not find pthread_condattr_setclock monotonic clock not available on this system. pls open ENABLE_STDCXX_SYNC, as compiling without monotonic clock is dangerous.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		message(FATAL_ERROR "Can't find pthread_condattr_setclock. Try -DENABLE_STDCXX_SYNC=ON or  -DENABLE_MONOTONIC_CLOCK=OFF; the latter is not recommended though.")
```

option(ENABLE_CLANG_TSA "Enable Clang Thread Safety Analysis" OFF)

# To avoid the need for other judgments when ENABLE_STDCXX_SYNC is OFF in the future, this is a separate conditional statement.

> if (NOT ENABLE_STDCXX_SYNC)
> 	# If ENABLE_MONOTONIC_CLOCK is ON check
> 	if (ENABLE_MONOTONIC_CLOCK)
> 		list(PREPEND CMAKE_REQUIRED_LIBRARIES "${CMAKE_THREAD_LIBS_INIT}")
> 		check_symbol_exists(pthread_condattr_setclock "pthread.h" HAVE_PTHREAD_CONDATTR_SETCLOCK)
> 		if (NOT HAVE_PTHREAD_CONDATTR_SETCLOCK)
> 			message(FATAL_ERROR "not find pthread_condattr_setclock monotonic clock not available on this system. pls open ENABLE_STDCXX_SYNC, as compiling without monotonic clock is dangerous.")
> 		endif ()
> 	endif ()
> endif ()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if (NOT ENABLE_STDCXX_SYNC AND ENABLE_MONOTONIC_CLOCK)
	list(PREPEND CMAKE_REQUIRED_LIBRARIES "${CMAKE_THREAD_LIBS_INIT}")
	check_symbol_exists(pthread_condattr_setclock "pthread.h" HAVE_PTHREAD_CONDATTR_SETCLOCK)
	if (NOT HAVE_PTHREAD_CONDATTR_SETCLOCK)
		message(FATAL_ERROR "not find pthread_condattr_setclock monotonic clock not available on this system. pls open ENABLE_STDCXX_SYNC, as compiling without monotonic clock is dangerous.")
	endif ()
endif ()
```
